(cork popping)
(soft electronic music)
(wine trickles and fizzles)
(glasses clinking)
(tense electronic music)
(traffic whirring)
(seagulls squawking)
(metal clanking)
(soft dramatic music)
(rope creaking)
(tense electronic music)
(footsteps tapping)
- Wait. you lot. start loading these.
Come on.
(crate clattering)
(baby hippo crying)
Gotta keep these two together.
Make sure you load them at the same time.
(baby hippo grunting)
- Ah. ah!
(foot whacking)
(hand pounding)
Little shit bit me!
- What the fuck do you think you're doing?
They're already paid for!
- Little shit bit me!
(baby hippo squealing)
Uh!
(hand pounding)
I'll teach you. little shit! Huh?
(hands pounding)
Little shit bit me!
(hippo growling)
- Jamba. stop! The mother!
(body banging)
(hippo growling)
(baby hippo squealing)
(hippo roaring)
(group screaming)
(mouth chomping)
- It's loose!
- God. do something!
- Let's go! He's moving!
(group yelling)
(hippo growling)
- Oh. oh!
(mouth chomping)
(group yelling continues)
- Get. get him!
(hippo growling)
- Let's go.
Hold. ah!
(body slamming)
- Move it. move it. move it now!
(hippo roaring)
(group yelling)
(hippo stomping)
(Jamba screaming)
(hippo growling)
(head squishing)
(Jamba screams and groans)
(bones cracking)
(tense electronic music)
(birds chirping)
(soft dramatic music)
(soft dramatic music continues)
(penguins squawking)
(water splashing)
(monkeys squeaking)
(flamingos squawking)
(lion huffing)
(water sloshing)
(tiger sniffing)
(soft dramatic music continues)
(trunk banging)
(keys jangling)
(door clicks and thuds)
(ignition clicking)
(mirror whirring)
(hand patting)
(Crispin exhaling)
(birds chirping)
- (inhales) Always practice patience.
Hmm.
(exhales) Not exactly.
(keys jangling)
Where is...?
(birds chirp and squawk)
(tense electronic music)
(birds chirping)
(Crispin sighing)
(Crispin inhales and chuckles)
(tent rustling)
(hands clapping)
Roar!
(chair clattering)
- Oh. shit. Dad. What the actual-
- Not necessary.
Come on. Bug. We need to get on the road.
Today's the day.
- Uh!
- Am I really that bad?
- I hate when you call me that.
(Crispin inhales and exhales)
(soft electronic music)
(birds chirping)
(mellow rock music on headphones)
- Bloody thing. It never works properly.
Sorry. Bug. It's just this damn thing.
(seatbelt clicking)
Look. I know...
(mellow rock music on headphones)
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
- (exhales) Look. I. I
know we've had issues.
and I'm. I'm. I'm working on it.
I promise.
- Yeah. okay.
It's okay. Dad.
(muffled rock music on headphones)
Right. Come on then.
Today's the day.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
- I still don't agree with it.
It doesn't feel right.
- Uh. the Kenyans were
gonna flood the rift valley
whether we rescued
couple of hippos or not.
Well at least we get to
relocate them responsibly.
- Dad. hippos belong in Africa.
They don't belong in a
sorry safari in England.
End of story.
(Crispin exhaling)
I don't think Mom would've agreed either.
(muffled rock music on headphones)
- She may not be here to support us.
but. well. she'd be proud
of what we're doing.
(hands rubbing)
She'd be really proud of you. Bug.
Look. I. I know it hasn't
been easy coming back here.
but you'll find your
groove soon enough. yeah?
- Sure. Dad.
(mellow rock music on headphones)
(Crispin inhales and exhales)
(keys jangling)
(engine rumbling)
(birds chirping)
(soft dramatic music)
(seagulls squawking)
(engine humming)
- I'm sorry. Mr. Marx.
but the other crates
have already been purchased.
- Surely we can come to
a lucrative agreement.
- Hmm. I love money as much as any fool.
but these are legitimate sales.
- (inhales) This will make my
employer most dissatisfied.
(engine humming)
I'd hate to deliver bad news.
- Wait. let me see what
I can do. (exhales)
- Good to see you. old friend.
- Hello.
- How are you. mate? Huh.
Look. we've got a bit of an issue.
- Uh. issue?
- We had some problems back in Mombasa.
I lost two of my best guys
to these bloody hippos.
- Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
It has nothing to do with me. right?
- Actually. it does.
I was forced to raise the price.
taking care of the men's
families and all that.
- Well. hang on a minute.
I've already paid for these bloody hippos
with all the money I have.
I've got nothing else.
- (clears throat) Mm. Evander Marx.
Perhaps there's a way that I can help out.
I'm very interested in
your hippos. mister?
- It's Wall.
I'm not interested. I've
already purchased them.
- Without an additional 100K.
I'll have refund the
amount you paid already.
- 100K? Are you serious?
- I would be happy to pay that.
(tense electronic music)
- Look. I need those bloody hippos.
We open our doors to
the public in two weeks.
I could lose everything.
And all Sarah and I did for you in Kenya.
Come on. mate.
- 200.000.
I will pay whatever Mr. Wall has paid
plus an additional 200K.
A 100K for the families of the lost men
and a 100K to Mr. Wall.
(Crispin exhales and inhales)
Call it an inconvenience fee.
- (inhales) Just back off.
I've already paid for these hippos.
- I'm sorry. Mr. Wall.
that's a very generous offer
and one that Mr. Wall
should take very seriously.
but I did sell the hippos to Mr. Wall.
and if a 100K can't change
his mind. I certainly can't.
- Hmm. This is less than ideal.
- Perhaps I can interest
you in some exotics
off the next shipment.
- (exhales) I'll be seeing you.
(footsteps tapping)
(tense electronic music)
- I'll give you six months to
cough up the additional funds.
- All right. Let's get
these loaded up then.
(footsteps tapping)
(engine humming)
(keypad clicking)
- Oh. they're here.
Let's go.
- Huh.
170 pounds each.
(keypad clicking)
(hippos snorting)
- Ah. come on.
That was just the easy part.
Let's get these majestic
beasts outta these crates. Eh?
- (chuckles) Hold on a
second. Just a minute.
(hippos snorting)
- I don't see their problem. chief.
I haven't even broken a sweat.
(hippos snorting)
What's wrong with you all?
Anyways. Daniel. grab
a drill and come help.
(Mr. Rogers chuckling)
(hippos snorting)
(Daniel inhales and coughs)
(Daniel clearing throat)
- There you go.
(Sora chuckling)
(Aluna inhales and exhales)
- Right. Let's get these open.
- Wait. (breathes heavily)
we need to discuss safety.
- Oh my God. Dad. do you
have to be such a nerd?
(Daniel chuckling)
- The mother nearly killed
two people in Mombasa.
We need to be cautious.
(hippo grunting)
You guys. when she exits.
move back slowly towards
the gate. You. out.
- Dad.
- I'm not taking any risks.
- I'm nearly 18.
(hippos snorting)
(footsteps pattering)
- Daniel. focus.
(hippo growling)
- Okay. chief. ready?
(hippo banging)
(Sora exhaling)
(muffled rock music on headphones)
- (sighs) "I'm not taking
any risks." Blah bloody blah.
♪ I won't look down if you don't ♪
(door slamming)
(hippo roaring)
- Daniel!
(hippo growling)
- Here!
(tense orchestral music)
- Just stand back. I got this.
(camera whirring)
It's okay. baby mama.
It's all right.
Everyone make sure that you spread out
and keep eye contact at all times.
It's all right. girl.
♪ Oh ♪
(mellow rock music)
(hippo growling)
I get in trouble
(tense orchestral music)
(hippo grunting)
Uh-huh.
(baby hippo grunting)
(door clicking)
(baby hippo snorting)
(baby hippo stomping)
(hippos grunting)
(camera beeps and clicks)
(hippo roaring)
(hippo growls and stomps)
- Sora. get out the way!
- Get out of here!
(hippo roaring)
(hippo chomping)
(arm ripping)
(Mr. Rogers screaming)
(blood spurting)
- Mr. Rogers!
(hippo growling)
(Mr. Rogers gasps and groans)
Ah. oh! (breathes heavily)
(blood dripping)
(Mr. Rogers whimpering)
Daniel. go get the first
aid kit. The big one.
- Ah. oh my God!
- It's okay. it's okay.
(Mr. Rogers screaming)
(Sora breathing uneasily)
It's okay. It's all
right. it's gonna be okay.
(Mr. Rogers sobbing and groaning)
- Honey. are you okay?
- Mm. Dad. I'm fine!
I'm fine! Help him!
- I'll call an ambulance!
(Mr. Rogers groaning)
- Chief. I need your belt.
(belt jangling)
(hippo growling)
Hey. it's all right.
It's all right. Just.
just stop this bleeding.
(insects chittering)
(birds chirping)
(eerie electronic music)
(dog barking)
- Today was insane.
Do you think Mr. Rogers will be okay?
- Hmm. that silly man.
hmm. he'll live to retell the story
of how we saved such a stupid girl.
But baby. we are no
longer on the reservation.
and you must understand that
these are wild creatures
with hearts and souls.
just like you and me.
- Uh. I wasn't thinking.
I just wanted to get a good picture.
- (chuckles) I love you.
And if she were here. your
mother would be telling you this.
but here we are.
And your father is trying his best.
- I don't even know what to
say to him half the time.
I don't mean to shut him
out. He. he's just to-
- Because he is your father. Sora.
Huh. You are his everything.
It's just like her.
(hippo snorting)
That baby is her everything.
She's not evil for attacking
you or poor Mr. Rogers.
Because in her heart.
she was protecting her baby at all costs.
- Yeah. but Dad has this place now.
What does he need me hanging around for?
- (chuckles) Are you crazy?
(chuckles) This place only
exists because of you.
Look. when your mother rescued me
in Johannesburg all those years ago.
I never thought my life would change.
Huh. and it was her intense passion
for all life that drew me in.
And when she got that
offer in Kenya. (exhales)
I knew I couldn't imagine my life
without her influence or these animals.
And then we met your father.
(Sora exhaling)
And it was their shared passion
is the reason your father
built this place. (chuckles)
But don't you see. if you weren't here.
he'd have no reason to keep on going.
You're so much like your
mother. So beautiful. Bug.
(zookeeper chuckles)
- Well. we're all being honest.
I really hate that name.
(both chuckling)
- What? (laughs)
- [Automated Voice] Your
call is important to us.
You are now third in the line
to speak with reception staff
at Woodclave Emergency Room.
(footbag rattling)
- Your employee has suffered
life-changing injuries.
To claim liability. press two now.
- You little shit!
- Jesus Christ.
Holy shit. no. Mr. Wall.
- Come here.
- I was joking around.
I'm sorry.
- He's a fucking human being.
- Yeah. well I'm a human
being. Does that count?
- You're missing the point.
- [Automated Voice] Your
call is important to us.
You are now next in the line to speak
with reception staff at
Woodclave Emergency Room.
- And that's how you got your name. Bug.
- Ew. Gross.
I'd never do such a thing.
(both laughing)
- Ah. so speaking of names.
what should we name these two?
- Penelope and Pippin.
- Majestic beasts from
the plains of Africa.
Penelope and Pippin.
- Okay. those are terrible.
What would you name the then?
- Hmm.
Based off of what the mama
displayed today. Tawaret.
Ta-wa-ret.
It means to protect.
- Tawarets.
And the baby? What would you name her?
- Ah. that's easy.
Kweeshi. to live.
- Kweeshi. Kweeshi.
- There. You got it.
(footsteps shuffling)
- So. I finally heard from the hospital.
First surgery went well.
- First surgery? Is there more?
- Well the first surgery
was to stop the bleeding
and assess the nerve damage.
- What did they say?
- Not good. I'm afraid.
They couldn't save the arm.
- (exhales) Mr. Rogers.
- But is he going to be okay?
- I don't know the next stage.
I mean. we're gonna have to
supply him with a prosthetic.
Legally. this is our master fix.
Come on. It's been a long day.
- I'm gonna lock up.
- Oh. you don't have to do that.
I had a little chat with Daniel earlier.
He's on it.
- Okay.
Just one more thing.
(chain jangling)
(gate creaks and clanks)
(alarm buzzing)
(keys jangling)
(soft dramatic music)
(insects chittering)
(utensil scraping)
(soft dramatic music continues)
(pitcher tapping)
(water trickling)
(footbag rattling)
(Daniel exhaling)
- Stupid motherfucker.
Think he can talk to me
like that? What the fuck?
(insects chittering)
(hippos huffing)
(eerie electronic music)
- All right.
(Sora inhales and exhales)
Get it. focus.
(group chattering)
All right.
All right. so we're gonna. Daniel. focus.
Daniel. focus.
(hippos snorting)
Okay.
So you're gonna walk up to Tawaret slowly.
keeping eye contact at all times.
Okay?
- Kweeshi.
Come on.
(hippo huffing and snorting)
Kweeshi. Kweeshi. Kweeshi.
(bushes rustling)
- That's it. Get ready now.
(hippo grunting)
- Kweeshi.
(bushes rustling)
(hippo snorting)
- I gotcha.
(toaster clicking)
♪ I can't breathe ♪
(lid clicking)
(knife clinking)
- Chocolate and toast. How nutritious.
(muffled rock music on headphones)
Always with the music.
(Crispin chuckling)
Always talking to myself.
Aluna was looking for you earlier.
You gotta get better at
keeping your commitments.
- Sorry. Dad. What?
- Uh. I was just commenting
on your choice of spread.
but you have it all.
- Nothing like a little
chocolate for breakfast.
- A bit late for that. isn't it. Bug?
By a couple of hours.
- Shit. I was meant to help Aluna.
- Oye. language.
What about this mess?
- [Automated Voice] Your
call is important to us.
You are now next in the line
to speak with reception staff
at Woodclave Emergency Room.
- Come on. grab her. Daniel.
(baby hippo squealing)
(baby hippo stomping)
(baby hippo squeaking)
- No!
(hippo growling)
(bushes rustling)
(mouth chomping)
(hippo growling)
- Calm down. Calm down. girl.
Calm down. That's a good girl.
That's a good girl.
(hippo huffing)
That's a good girl. We got this.
(hippo snorting and huffing)
All right Daniel. we can go again.
- No need.
(needle tapping)
(water sloshing)
- I'm so sorry.
I really wanted to be there to help.
- Well. we got it done nonetheless.
Where were you. Bug?
- I just couldn't sleep last night.
- Come on.
- Okay.
(animals squawking and squeaking)
(birds chirping)
(footsteps tapping)
- Oh. I'm sorry. lad.
(bodies thudding)
That's a hundred percent totally on me.
Let me just get that for you.
(Daniel chuckling)
A a little birdie told me
that you have some wonderful.
marvelous hippos here.
and I was just wondering if
I could get a sneak peek.
- (chuckles) Okay.
(penguins squawking)
(door clicking)
(Aluna exhaling)
(keys jangling)
- Looks like we have a full count.
- When can we put Kweeshi
back with her mom?
- When the medication wears off.
Huh. She's with Tish.
(penguins squawking)
- What's going on?
- He. he. um...
- I was wondering if I
could see the new additions.
I heard about the hippos
and I just had to come by.
- Heard from who?
- That's not important.
Us animal lovers love to
keep our finger on the pulse.
I truly love the hippo.
Such a marvelous animal.
(tense electronic music)
- Uh. won't open for a couple of weeks.
- Hmm. Maybe I could pay some
kind of early bird special.
- Mm.
- Should we say 100?
- Sorry. I'm not interested.
- 200?
(Daniel exhaling)
Twist my arm. why don't you?
400 each.
- Mr. Wall. that's a week's pay for me.
- I said we're not ready.
- Sir.
- Get.
Maybe we'll see you in a couple of weeks.
- Okay. Keep your hair on.
(sniffs) I'll be back.
(footsteps tapping)
I'll be back.
(keys jangling)
(gate clicking)
(water sloshing)
(pills rattling)
- Mama hippo's medication.
- Oh. we named her
Tawaret last night. Tish.
It means protector.
What do you think?
- Nice.
I mean. hopefully she'll
calm down with those meds.
(exhales) I'm gonna check on the babe.
- Um. Kweeshi. We named her Kweeshi.
- Don't mind her. Bug.
She's probably still
just a little bit upset
about Mr. Rogers.
(pills rattling)
We could put this in baby
mama's breakfast in the morning.
Hopefully it'll make her less aggressive.
- (exhales) I hope Mr.
Rogers will be okay.
I feel terrible.
- Don't dwell on it.
Bug. He'll be all right.
You learned a very valuable lesson today.
Never underestimate the
power of wild creatures.
(tense orchestral music)
(crows cawing)
(keys jangling)
(hands tapping)
- Yes? What can I do for you?
- I think it's more what I can do for you.
(Sidney chuckling)
- Ah. It's about quitting time.
Let's get some grub.
- How about steak? I love a
good piece of meat. (chuckles)
- (chuckles) Speaking
of a good piece of meat.
tell me about Daniel.
- What?
Nothing yet. (chuckles)
(soft dramatic music)
(insects chittering)
(fire crackling)
(soft dramatic music continues)
- This is a little bit more
like it. Sarah. (exhales)
- And that's the first
time I ever did that
as a grown ass woman.
- Ew! You're nasty.
- Ah. That's the PG version. baby.
- Oh. I just puked in my mouth a little.
- I don't wanna know.
- Just girl talk. chief. Ha-ha.
- [Sora] Yeah. nothing
you'd wanna hear. Dad.
- You're right. I don't want to hear.
- Mm. Looks good.
- Oh. Oh. shit.
(hands sizzling)
Uh. fuck!
- Are you okay?
(footbag tapping)
(tense electronic music)
(footsteps pattering)
- Hey. bro. (sniffs)
- As promised. the remaining half.
(cash rustling)
- Um. ah. just give it a couple minutes.
I think Mr. Wall is still
about. so just wait here
and I'll go see if the coast is clear.
(keypad clicking)
- Ironic.
Coast is clear.
(Sidney sniffing)
- Dad. are you all right?
- Yeah. ow!
It hurts.
- Yeah. I think we need
to get him to the office.
It's gonna be a much cleaner environment.
- (exhales) No. let's do it at the house.
We've got the same first aid kit there.
And I can make us something to eat.
There's more steaks in the fridge.
- (breathes uneasily)
'Cause this is done for.
- Yeah. (inhales)
Well. you know how like my steak. right?
- Well. from our recent discussions.
I'm going to say very bloody. (laughs)
- Ew!
- Oh!
- Ah. you nasty.
(Sora chuckling)
(fire crackling)
- Becky. Becky. can you put
it back on the phone. please?
(inhales) Becks. that's
not fair. (exhales)
Becks. she's my daughter
as well. All right?
(breathes uneasily) Beck...
(head tapping)
(man exhaling)
(fire crackling)
- Yo. Mr. Wall?
Mr. Wall?
(tense electronic music)
(man sniffs and clears throat)
(knife scraping)
- Got it?
- Got it. boss.
(footsteps pattering)
(body thudding and rustling)
- Oh. mate. Ouch.
Are you all right?
- Huh. What?
You didn't say anything about more people.
That's gonna cost way more.
- Well. you see. we've
had a few change of plans.
- It's all right. mate.
(foot whacking)
(peeler scraping)
- Get ready to enjoy my specialty.
Parmesan and chive homemade chips.
(Aluna exhaling)
- Looking forward to it. Bug.
- Hey. I haven't had that in time.
God. your mom's gourmet
cooking always hit the spot.
- One day I'll open up a restaurant
and share all of her creations.
- (chuckles) You know it's a
shame she never got that permit
to open the restaurant on the reservation.
- I think you two are forgetting
how busy she kept herself.
The restaurant would never have worked.
- Mm. one can dream. though. (chuckles)
(insects chittering)
(tense electronic music)
(electricity zapping)
- Careful.
- Yeah. Monk. take care
of that for us. would you?
- My pleasure.
- Tiny. bring the truck around.
- What the fuck do you
think you're doing. mate?
Mr. Marx put me in charge of this one.
(man chuckling)
Back down
or so fucking help me.
- All right.
All right.
(knife scraping)
- (gasps) Ow. watch it.
- Ah. sorry. chief.
Ah. I think I need more bandages.
I knew I should have gone to
the office the first time.
All right. (exhales) Be back in a bit.
(keys jangling)
I won't be long.
- Uh. don't worry about it. I'll manage.
- (scoffs) Shut up. you
silly man. (chuckles)
What is it with men and their damn pride.
(door creaks and clicks)
(bandage squishing)
(Crispin exhaling)
(tense electronic music)
(floor creaking)
- File keys. I'd be...?
Nada.
(floor creaking)
And what do we have here?
(Aluna whistling)
Fucking shit. (breathes uneasily)
(body rustling)
(switch clicking)
- (exhales) Okay.
All right. I've got it.
Where Monk? Monk. any luck?
- [Monk] Three. two. one.
(metal clanking)
- Hmm. What's taking Tiny so long?
- Don't know.
(footsteps shuffling)
- There it is.
(tense electronic music continues)
(kit rustling)
(Aluna whistling)
(tense electronic music continues)
(switch clicking)
(keys jangling)
- (exhales) All this for
a fucking hippo. (inhales)
(insects chittering)
- Should have gone myself.
- Do you want me to go find him. boss?
- Nah. Waste of time.
Let's get started.
- What? Without the big man?
Without the other big man?
All right. I'm sorry. You're in charge.
- Go.
(gate creaking)
(lock snapping)
(man grunts and exhales)
- Easy.
(door clicking)
(Aluna exhaling)
- That boy left the office open.
- That little sh...
He's skating on thin ice.
- Don't be so hard on him.
- He's gonna have a rude
awakening one of these days.
- Hopefully sooner rather than later.
- If it happens again. I
swear it'll be the last time.
- He's not that bad.
- I don't know what you
see in that air head.
- He's always been nice to me.
- If your mother heard you speaking about
such a waste of space. she'd
smack you right in the back
of the head just to get
you thinking straight.
- Yeah. well. she's not. is she?
- Let's drop it.
Anyway. we need to discuss
these bloody hippos.
- What about the hippos?
(Crispin exhaling)
(insects chittering)
(footsteps pattering)
- What's next. Sid?
- Find the baby. get it on the chain.
haul it in the truck. then
the mother should follow.
- You what? And where the fuck is Tiny?
- Don't be a bitch. Start looking.
He'll be here soon.
- (inhales and exhales)
This better be worth it.
(baby hippo snorting)
- Has Mr. Marx
ever let you down?
- Never.
(man exhaling)
(baby hippo snorting)
- Get rid of them?
But they've only just got here.
- I know. Sora. I don't like
it any more than you do.
- Bullshit. Don't do this.
- Sora. it's a liability issue.
Tawaret has already killed two people
and seriously injured Mr. Rogers.
If he sues. we're finished
even before we start.
- Mom wouldn't-
- Don't you dare. Sora.
- Guys. for the sake of your souls.
(scoffs) Baby.
- No. don't do that.
You're not my mom.
- That's enough.
I know you're hurting. darling.
What happened to your mother isn't fair.
but you can't take a kid out on Aluna.
Now apologize.
(chair scraping)
- Sowwie.
- Sora. Sora. get back down here right-
- Crispin. let her go.
- Just. (exhales) she wants to be treated
like an adult. but...
(Aluna exhaling)
- She's had a rough week.
(exhales) Honestly. we all have.
(Crispin exhaling)
- Here. little fella. Here. little fella.
(hippo snorting)
Where are you. girls?
Found the baby.
(bushes rustling)
(hippo roaring)
- Move!
(Monk screaming)
(body slamming)
(soft dramatic music)
- It's such a shit show. Mom.
I wish you were here to fix it.
(Sora breathing uneasily)
Goodnight. Mom.
(switch clicking)
(engine rumbling)
(tense electronic music)
- (breathes uneasily) Monk.
- Where the fuck is Tiny?
- Sid. we gotta get out of here.
- Don't be a pussy. Help me with this.
- Oh. for fuck sake.
(door slamming)
Oye. Tiny. What took you so fucking long?
- Watch it.
- Oh. mate. Seriously?
(chain jangling)
- What exactly is that meant to be for?
- Fuck him up.
- Don't even think about it.
Mr. Marx said alive and unharmed.
- It's just for protection. mostly.
- Who does he think he is?
- Oye. I said alive and unharmed.
(hippo snorting and growling)
(body crunching)
(Tiny screaming)
- No!
(hippo growling)
(head squishing)
(bones cracking)
(hippo growling)
- Let's go!
Run! Run!
(birds chirping)
(wind whistling)
- That bloody idiot. I
just don't understand him.
He has one job and he just doesn't do it.
I just. I don't know what to do.
I just don't understand it.
It's this bloody generation.
They're broken. No common sense.
- What's he done now then?
- Not only did he forget to lock up.
he was a no-show this morning.
Tisha had to come and wake me up.
- (exhales) What did he say?
- Absolutely nothing. Zilch. nada.
No texts. no call.
I don't suppose he even knows
how to use a bloody email.
- I'm sure he has a good reason. Dad.
- Right. so I'm gonna
go check on the hippos.
Tawaret's gonna need her
medication. So Tish. come with me.
Bug. take care of the reptiles. please.
- Okay.
- I'll come with you two.
Nah. chief. Big cats are gonna be hungry.
Go take care of them.
If I was him. that's it.
- That kid.
- He keeps getting chances.
I swear that kid's going
be the death of me.
- I'm. I'm just not gonna.
I'm not gonna do anymore of this.
- Huh. That's weird.
Truck's missing.
- Maybe Daniel has it.
- (exhales) Daniel.
Damn signal is terrible out here.
(footbag pattering)
(lions growling)
(bag rustling)
- [Automated Voice] Your
call is important to us.
You are now 18 in the line to speak
with legal services at Woodclave Hospital.
(Crispin inhales and exhales)
(tense electronic music)
(footsteps tapping)
- What on God's green earth?
(door clicking)
(keys jangling)
- The keys are still in it.
- This is bad.
(keys jangling)
Tish. I need you to listen
to me very carefully.
Go get Mr. Wall and tell
him to get here at once.
- Okay.
(Aluna exhaling)
- (groans) God sake.
(footsteps tapping)
- Oh my God. Danny.
- Ah. (laughs)
- What happened?
- Oh. God. (groans)
(footsteps pattering)
- Sir. (panting) Aluna
needs you! The hippos. now!
- Do this for me. would you?
- Your call is important
to us. You are now 16th.
- And. and then the fifth guy came at me.
You know. I was just like. whoa! You know?
Then I saw the crowbar and from there on.
I just. I knew it was over.
- That must have been so scary.
I honestly don't think
I could have done that.
- (chuckles) I don't know.
It's just one of those things. you know.
you either have it
(hand patting)
or you don't.
(footsteps tapping)
- Where are the hippos?
What the actual fuck?
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
We're screwed.
- Look. this is one of those moments.
We can call it in and go sit in jail.
or we can recognize this
for what it actually is.
- What is this?
- This is no different than
the reservation. Crispin.
Look at them.
(soft dramatic music)
They're just like those
murderous poachers.
- You don't know that.
- Not for sure. huh.
but what we do know is
they were up to no good.
And clearly they tried to steal our hippos
in our own damn truck.
- You kinda make sense. but
this isn't Africa. Aluna.
- We're still out in
the middle of nowhere.
And nobody's gonna come looking
for a couple of criminals
all the way out here.
- What are you suggesting?
- Get the shovels. bury 'em.
(Crispin exhaling)
Look.
this is how I repay you.
- Aluna. don't...
- For that time when you saved me.
when you could have saved Sarah first.
- Luna. don't.
- I know I remind you of that
decision every single day.
and I would change it a
thousand times over if I could.
(breathes heavily) but let me do this.
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
- Ah. uh!
(kick banging)
Fuck! (cries)
- Well. Crispin?
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
We can get through this.
Okay?
- Okay.
- Okay?
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
- Shovels.
- All right.
There's. behind the reptiles.
(footbag rattling)
- My sack.
(soft dramatic music)
- You really are amazing. aren't you?
- You really think so?
- Think what?
- That I'm amazing.
- Yeah. totally.
Way more than the girls I grew up with.
(Daniel exhaling)
- Danny.
- Yeah. Sora?
- Can I ask you something?
- (exhales) You could. uh. or you know
you could just do it. you know?
Oh. oh! Ow.
- Oh.
- The bump on my head. Remember?
- Oh. shit. Sorry.
- Oh. it's fine.
- Well. you gonna kiss me then?
(Daniel chuckling)
(footsteps tapping)
- Who was that? Shit.
- Where the hell have you been?
- Well...
- Daddy. he was so brave.
He fought so many bad guys.
but there were just too many.
- Well. how many?
- Oh. uh. like six.
Maybe. maybe more than that. then I...
- Who the...?
Did they say anything?
- (exhales) No. they just
attacked him out of nowhere.
- Ah.
- Geez. Are you all right?
- (groans) Yeah. I think I'll live.
- (exhales) I've gotta go.
- So. ah.
(radio clattering)
We're still number one. Yeah?
(body thudding)
- Where were you?
- Oh. I bumped into the kids.
- The kids?
- Yeah. Daniel.
Poor sod was knocked out cold
and tied up in the reptile house.
- At least he's alive.
It's more than I can say for these two.
- He said there were six of them.
We have two here.
That means there are
others that could come back
looking for these guys after all.
- Mm. Okay.
So then we go further into the
woods and bury them deeper.
- Damn. woman. You scare me half to death.
- Huh. Keeps you on your toes.
(Crispin exhaling)
(Aluna grunting)
- Any sign of the hippos?
- (exhales) Not the mama. but listen.
(baby hippo crying)
She's crying.
Never been without her mama before.
- Hey. guys.
(static buzzing)
- Yes. Dad?
- Have Daniel continue down there
and you come up and babysit Kweeshi.
Tawaret has got out.
(static buzzing)
And Aluna and I are gonna
go and look for her.
(static buzzing)
- Dad. she got out?
- Bug. did you hear me?
(static buzzing)
- Come in.
- Great. Now we have to hurry
up before she gets here.
- Oh. shit. Come on.
Uh.
- You guys can have all the
fun and I'm busting my ass.
(Daniel sighing)
- Hey. about earlier.
- Yeah?
(static buzzing)
- And bring a work line.
- Shit. I've gotta go. My dad.
- Wait. um. huh. do you
maybe wanna come with me
to the Wallbanger Fest
next month. my treat?
- Really? I mean. yeah. of course.
If you're sure. Thank you. (kisses)
- Hang on. Wait.
So. huh.
(Daniel inhales and coughs)
Shit.
(tongue fluttering)
Shut up.
(Crispin exhaling)
- This is weird.
- It's a fucking nightmare.
- I can't stop thinking
about how this reminds me
of what we went through in Kenya.
I mean. there's so many parallels.
- Ah. I see your point.
Failed animal kidnappings.
mysterious men in the night.
- Dead bodies.
The only difference this
time is it's them. and not...
- (exhales) Sarah.
- What's that?
(tense electronic music)
(static buzzing)
- Evander Marx. Mister...?
- Evander Marx.
- [Aluna] So?
- He had the same tattoo.
The buyer. He tried to buy
the hippos at the docks.
- Explain. please.
Please.
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
- Kweeshi? Is that you baby girl?
(baby hippo panting)
Come here.
(gentle electronic music)
(baby hippo snorting)
It's okay.
Come to Sora.
(baby hippo huffing)
It's just you and me.
My daddy will find your mommy.
That's right. Kweeshi. Good girl.
(baby hippo crying)
I know. baby.
I miss my mommy too.
(baby hippo snorting)
- Uh!
(Daniel sighing)
(Daniel exhaling)
- All right.
(gentle electronic music)
(keypad clicking)
(Daniel chuckling)
(baby hippo snorting)
- Just a minute. baby.
(baby hippo grunting)
(wrapper crinkling)
I have a treat.
(baby hippo huffing)
Here you go. sweetie.
(orange thudding)
(baby hippo snorting)
(baby hippo grunting)
- Suppose we should go look
the Tawaret right now. chief.
- Well it looks like we
have an hour of light left.
Where do we even start?
- Well. firstly. she'll need water.
Secondly. she's a new mother with a baby.
She's not gonna abandon Kweeshi.
So she couldn't have gone far.
- Well. that's a good and
a bad thing. isn't it?
But Sora's back there all by herself.
- (chuckles) She's a smart
and strong girl. Crispin.
Give her a little credit. Would you?
- Yes. She's certainly
her mother's daughter.
- And almost a woman.
God. you should see her with Kweeshi.
She reminds me a lot of Sarah.
She just loves so deeply.
(soft dramatic music)
Hmm. Come on.
So it'll be fine. at least
for tonight. For now.
And there's no way Tawaret's
gonna come back while it's light.
(engine humming)
(shift clanking)
(keys jangling)
(door clicking)
(tense electronic music)
- Office first. full sweep. No mistakes.
Follow me.
(wind whistling)
(tongue clicking)
(keys jangling)
- Do you think we'll
even find her by tonight?
- Honestly. no clue. chief.
Huh. but whatever happens.
let's hope we find her
before she finds us.
- Uh. maybe we should get back for Sora.
- Let's go.
(tongue clicking)
(crickets chirping)
(footsteps shuffling)
(tense electronic music)
(tense electronic music continues)
(door clicking)
Chief?
- Something's off. I can feel it.
(door thudding)
(engine rumbling)
- I love her.
(foot thudding)
(tear tearing)
(Daniel breathing uneasily)
Fuck.
- Good morning. sunshine.
(fist whacking)
(man exhaling)
(baby hippo snorting)
(switch clicking)
- There. Is that better. baby?
(baby hippo crying)
(bushes rustling)
♪ Twinkle. twinkle ♪
♪ Little star ♪
♪ How I wonder what you are ♪
(baby hippo huffing)
♪ Up above the world so high ♪
♪ Like a diamond in the sky ♪
♪ Twinkle. twinkle little star ♪
(baby hippo snorting)
♪ How I wonder what you are ♪
- Lovely. Just lovely.
(Sora breathing uneasily)
- Stop. Stop or I'll scream.
- Shut up.
- Shh. just do as he says
and everything will be just fine.
- Until it's not.
- (breathes uneasily)
Why are you doing this
- For the hippos.
- Why?
- For the money. It's just business.
Don't take it personally. sweetheart.
- Well you let them escape.
- What?
- Yeah.
You idiots left the gate open last night.
They're gone.
(hand tapping)
(baby hippo snorting)
- They're in there.
- Someone's telling lies.
- [Sora] No. no!
- Come on. Come on. shh.
- Get off me! Dad!
- Shut that bitch up!
- Shh. shut up.
Please. shut up. Shut up.
- Dad!
- Shut that bitch up.
(Sora groaning)
(hands pounding)
- What the fuck was that. boss?
(Sora whimpering)
- I've got a daughter too. mate.
I didn't sign up to capture kids.
- Mm.
If you wanna see your daughter again.
I suggest you do as I
damn well say. shit head.
- Yes. Thank you too.
(chuckles) No. that's quite all right.
I'm glad we could reach an agreement.
You too. Ciao.
(door thudding)
(exhales) Oh. that
wasn't so hard. Mr. Wall.
I think we'll be okay.
(baby hippo crying)
- Ow!
- No trap?
- [Sidney] Can a job not
run smoothly for once?
- Stop this. please!
- You listen to me. you
tell me where the truck is
and maybe I won't squash you like a bug.
(engine rumbling)
(baby hippo crying)
(door clicks and thuds)
- Bug.
- Dad. they have Kweeshi.
(baby hippo crying)
- Don't do this.
- It's quite simple. really.
Her for the mother.
(door clicks and thuds)
(baby hippo crying)
- No?
- Take the truck!
- You and you. take her out.
Dobbs. help me with him.
- No. no!
Dad. ow!
Ow! Ow!
Get off!
(intense electronic music)
(fist whacking)
(woman gasps and groans)
(footsteps shuffling)
(both grunting)
(kick whacking)
(Crispin groaning)
(fists whacking)
(both grunting)
(Crispin groaning)
- Come on. chief! On your feet!
(Aluna groaning)
- "Come on. chief! On your feet!"
(Crispin breathing uneasily)
(Sidney sniffing)
(fists whacking)
(Crispin grunting)
(Crispin groaning)
(both grunting)
(neck cracking)
(kick thudding)
(Crispin groaning)
(Crispin coughing)
(both grunting)
(fist whacking)
(shovel scraping)
(shovel whooshing)
(fist clanking)
(Sidney screaming)
(neck cracking)
(Aluna grunting)
(intense electronic music continues)
(Aluna breathing heavily)
(Aluna groaning)
(Tish humming)
(crickets chirping)
(paper rustling)
(soft dramatic music)
(Tish humming)
(tent unzipping)
- No! Dad!
- Come on.
- Help. ow!
No! Get off!
(intense electronic music)
(Aluna screaming)
(Sidney groaning)
(Aluna groaning)
(Sidney chomping)
- Uh!
(Aluna breathing heavily)
(fists whacking)
(both groaning)
(Aluna choking)
- Get your hands off. (groans)
(door clicking)
- (breathes uneasily) What the fuck?
(Aluna choking)
(Crispin screaming)
(shovel whacking)
(Aluna gasping)
(Crispin groaning)
(fists whacking)
- Mm! Uh!
Help!
(Tish breathing uneasily)
- Sora. Sora.
(Tish gasping)
(Aluna coughing)
(man groaning)
(Sora breathing heavily)
(Crispin groaning)
(man breathing heavily)
(Crispin coughing)
(Crispin groaning)
- Chief. Chief. chief.
Come on. come on. come on.
Come on. come on.
- Ah.
- Go after the girl!
(man sighing)
(man groaning)
- Fuck this.
- [Sidney] Go!
(man groaning)
(Sora panting)
(doors scraping)
(man groaning)
Motherfuckers! Uh!
(hippo growling)
(hippo stomping)
(hippo roaring)
(body smashing)
(hippo growling)
(hippo roaring)
(intense electronic music)
(hippo snorting)
(hippo stomping)
(woman breathing uneasily)
(both panting)
(hippo snorting)
- He's coming. (breathes heavily)
- Give me this. Quick. hide. hide!
Go. go. go. go. go! (breathes heavily)
(tense electronic music)
- Listen. I have a little girl.
(rain pattering)
Her name is Daisy.
She's the sweetest
6-year-old you'll ever meet.
A real daddy's girl.
(Tish breathing heavily)
(crowbar whacking)
Oh!
(man spits and gasps)
(blood spurting)
(man groaning)
Ah. fucking! (groans)
- Really?
- Ah!
(Tish grunting)
(crowbar whooshing)
(fist whacking)
(Crispin groaning)
- Chief. Chief.
(both breathing heavily)
(Tish whimpering)
- Come out now and your
friend doesn't get hurt.
(Tish whimpering)
I'm gonna count to five.
then I'm gonna break this bitch's neck.
(Tish whimpering)
One.
two.
three.
- No!
- [Sidney] four.
- Wait!
(Tish whimpering)
- Grab her.
- Get off!
- Just stay!
- Stop!
Ow. (groans)
No.
(Sora groaning)
Ow!
- Take care of them.
- Chief. you go.
- Get off!
- I got this.
(Sora groaning)
(both grunting)
(kick thudding)
(body slamming)
- [Crispin] (breathes heavily) Sora!
- (groaning) Oh.
Bitch. (groans)
Huh.
Oh. fuck.
(fist whacking)
Uh!
Ah!
(both grunting)
(fists whacking)
- [Aluna] It's time to put an end to you.
(Daniel whimpering)
(intense electronic music)
(fists whacking)
(woman choking)
(woman gasping)
(both groaning)
(Sora groaning)
- Huh. Could have done with that earlier.
Uh. mm!
- Get off!
(gun clacking)
(tense electronic music)
Mm! Stop!
Let go!
(hippo growling)
(Tish screaming)
(intense electronic music)
(hippo stomping)
- No. no. no!
No. no!
(hippo roaring)
(body smashing)
(hippo growling)
- No!
Tish!
(hippo snorting)
(man screaming)
(hippo chomping)
(flesh squelching)
(hippo growling)
(bones cracking)
- Uh!
- Quiet or I'll slit your
pretty little throat.
- (breathes heavily) Sora?
(Sora breathing heavily)
(groans) Sora?
(tape creaking)
(Crispin breathing heavily)
Bug?
- Mm!
- Shh!
You don't want your dad to find you
in a bloody mess. now do you?
(tape creaking)
(Crispin breathing heavily)
- Bug?
(gun clacking)
(Aluna sobbing)
- I'm so sorry. honey. (sobbing)
(Aluna sobbing continues)
(tarp rustling)
- Bug? (breathes uneasily)
(tense electronic music)
Oh. dear.
(dart gun firing)
Ah!
(dart clinking)
What the fuck?
(Crispin exhaling)
(body slamming)
(tense electronic music continues)
- (exhales) You. sir. are too predictable.
(Sidney laughing)
(dart gun clattering)
(tense electronic music continues)
Huh.
- Where are they?
- Safe.
And if you let me leave.
I'll tell you where they are.
- How do I know you'll tell me the truth?
- You don't. but what choice do you have?
Are you fucking kidding me?
- Not in the slightest. pretty boy.
(fists whoosh and whack)
(both grunting)
(body slamming)
(Aluna groaning)
(fist whacking)
(Sidney clears throat and chuckles)
(Aluna spitting)
- Dad. Dad. (breathes heavily)
(Crispin breathing heavily)
(Aluna exhaling)
(fists whacking)
(Sidney groaning)
(intense electronic music)
(fist whacking)
(Aluna groaning)
(Sora breathing heavily)
(hippo growling)
(knife scraping)
(gun clacking)
(Sora exhaling)
(hippo snorting)
(Sora breathing uneasily)
- Oh. Aluna. what should
I do? (breathes uneasily)
(hippo grunting)
(dart gun firing)
(hippo growling)
(knee thudding)
(Aluna gasping)
Aluna!
(head slamming)
(soft dramatic music)
(hippo growling)
- (breathes uneasily)
Don't break eye contact.
(hippo snorting and roaring)
(Sidney screaming)
(head crushing)
(blood spurting)
(bones cracking)
(hippo growling)
You silly man. (coughing)
- I don't know. What do I do?
God. I'm so useless.
- No. No. Bug.
You are perfect.
You did so well today.
- Huh. (cries)
(Aluna breathing uneasily)
- I don't think I'm gonna make it. baby.
(somber electronic music)
- You can't say that. Aluna.
- Look at me.
Look at me. Bug.
- (cries) You can't leave us.
- (breathes uneasily) I'm
afraid I'm gonna have to. baby.
(Sora crying)
- Well what were we gonna do
without you? You're the glue.
- (breathes uneasily) Do what I do. Bug.
Stick together. (breathes uneasily)
- That's your job.
I don't even know how.
- Sure you do.
(Sora crying)
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
- Stop.
(Aluna gasping)
- I'm going. I'm going to joy.
- Don't leave me. Please!
(sobbing) You can't go!
No. you can't go!
Help! Help!
(Sora sobbing)
(crickets chirping)
(hippo stomping)
(hippo snorting)
(Sora sobbing continues)
(wind whistling)
(wind whistling continues)
(Crispin gasping)
- Where is he?
- Dead. Dad.
- (exhales) Aluna?
(somber electronic music)
- Dead. Dad. She's dead.
(both crying)
(somber electronic music continues)
(Crispin crying)
(both sobbing)
(wind whistling)
(birds chirping)
(monkeys squeaking)
(water sloshing)
(flamingos squawking)
(lion huffing)
(monkeys squeaking)
(wheelbarrow clattering)
- Come on. Danny.
We haven't got all day.
(footsteps pattering)
Let's get these animals fed. please.
(wheelbarrow tapping)
- Yes. boss.
On it. boss.
- Oh. and after that.
can you help Mr. Rogers
with the reptiles. please?
- (sighs) Yes. boss.
Danny to the rescue again.
- Just help the man.
He's still getting used to his prosthetic.
- Yes. boss. Whatever you say. boss.
Thanks. boss.
- Thank you. Danny. I'm gonna
go help Dab with the lions.
(Daniel sighing)
(baby hippo stomping)
(baby hippy grunting)
- Little shit.
(baby hippo crying)
(tense electronic music)
(bushes rustling)
(hippo growling and roaring)
Oh my. oh my God. (gasps)
(body crushing)
(flesh squelching)
(blood spurting)
(hippo growling)
(baby hippo crying)
(bones cracking)
(hippos stomping)
(tense electronic music continues)
- Danny?
Danny? (breathes heavily)
(gasps) Danny! (whimpering)
(footsteps tapping)
- Is he...?
(tense electronic music continues)
(intense electronic music continues)
Fuck!
(birds chirping)
(soft dramatic music)
(soft dramatic music continues)
(intense electronic music)
(intense electronic music continues)